Yeah, hi, Namita. Hi, Figa. Good morning.
Hi, Vaishali. Good evening.
Yeah.
Okay.
You don't have time. Hey, Saurav. Hey, Namita. Hey, Vaishali.
No.
Recently, sorry.
Yeah, hi Saurav, hi Namita, hi Srikar.
Hey.
Hello, everyone.
So, I just got on a call with Colin, so he should he would not be joining this call. There was like some work on his end, so he will be checking like the transcript of the call and later today he will meet up with Srikar and Namita.
Okay, for like discussing the updates after whatever we are discussing. So this call will be like basically a touch point for us so we can like get to know the progress of where exactly we are and what more we need for like the deliverables for Friday.
Correct.
OK, no problem, Srikar. Sorry, Saurav.
No, please.
So yeah, before we start, like bad news from my end, like my Mac is kind of break from yesterday evening. So I am unable to access my GitHub repos or any other subscription. I just have like the access of WebEx.
Chat for now, and I'm in like regular communication with the tech support team to get this resolved, but most likely I will need to like replace my laptop, so maybe like for today and tomorrow, like most of the work is for Srikar and Namita like.
Ohh.
Yeah, please share some more details with me so that like I can also be in pace with you all guys, right? Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, Surej.
Yeah.
Hope the laptop issue gets resolved soon. I mean you get a new one.
Yeah, yeah, totally, like, it came out of nowhere, like, Srikar, did you update the like your laptop?
Not yet, not yet.
So you should update it, you know, for from like the Cisco mandatory training that was shared with us, like when we joined in correct in the email. On which there was this particular thing written down that as soon as you see the update, you should do the update as soon as possible.
Right, right, right.
Yeah.
You should at least try it. Let's see if it breaks or not.
Yeah, just got the update yesterday, so yeah, I was like waiting. I'll do it like, yeah, as soon as possible after the call.
Or maybe.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, yeah, just pointing it out that, yeah, they have what you got explicitly written in their training that you should do the updates as fast as possible. So, you, if you be like very, yeah, if you what you got be a good boy like me, your system might get breaked, so...
No, so we will get a warning like.
Okay to wait for a while.
Mm.
Okay. Yeah.
Yeah.
So did you guys see the issues which like Colin has created on GitHub?
Yes, so the first part of my and Vaishali, Vaishali talks were about log type mapping. So I did share a document in the comments.
Uh-huh.
the first part of it. And to give more idea about this, like yesterday morning, we had a call with Justin again. So he wanted to check in like what is our plan for this week and if he had any problems and he was trying to just resolve those.
Okay.
So we had a bunch of questions ready for him. We did share those and he did answer a few. But so based on that, I created that document which I shared. And using the temp ADS machine that is available, we were able to pull up some logs.
Mhm.
OK.
And all the details are in that PDF. I don't know if you want to go through it or just get a.
Okay.
Yep, yep, I will surely look like currently I have not checked it, but yeah, right after this call I will I look in look that look that document up. OK, great work, like yeah, and for like the ADS details, you got like the temp ADS machine details, correct?
Oh yeah, templates. Yeah, and for the permanent one, I did contact Mahavir to get an approval for the tenant ID we need. It was DCN switching. So he did approve it. We did meet him in the office yesterday as well, and he mentioned that he has followed all the official process and approved the tenant ID.
Mhm.
But however, that has not been reflected at our end. So even if I'm trying to create a request for ADS permanent machine, I'm not able to select the tenant ID. So as per him, he was like, just give it some time. I believe it is more than 48 hours now, but I'm not able to see. So maybe I'll wait till today afternoon just to make sure I have given enough time for it to reflect.
Yeah.
But in case if I don't see, I again need to ping him and look what is happening. Also, I was talking with Anupma regarding this, but she hasn't replied back. So I'm just guessing, like, let's wait till today afternoon, my time, and let's see.
Mhm.
Okay, okay.
If not, obviously, we'll tell Colin and...
So maybe he can ask Srinivas or we can ask Srinivas something on those lines.
Yep, yep, sure. I think, like, maybe later in the day when you have call with Colin, do discuss this one, like, yeah, and yeah, did you guys, like, after you got the ADS access, did you try to set up like a deep site, and if we are able to access like both of those apps?
Yeah.
Mmh.
When was Paul sent and that was correct?
Oh, that GitHub access, I don't think I have it. I'm not sure about Srikar if he has received it.
But.
Yeah.
So, so we don't the ADS and deep site are different, so deep site under.
Mhm.
We need, we need like an ADS access to like set up deep site. If you check like the quick start guide of like deep site, correct? You need a CCID, you need an ADS, and you need a shell.
So, yeah, so the Pulse and Scribble, like, yeah, in the deep side, they have them on the on their website, but the thing is they haven't deployed anything or they haven't been using anything on the deep side, so right now those two projects are in GitHub itself, like they haven't been like deployed or.
Okay.
They haven't, like, and no one is using it in Deep Syed platform.
Yeah, it is not deployed, so how can anyone use it?
So...
Yeah, so right now to the first thing like to get the access for the deep side is the GitHub access. So yesterday I requested like Naga again. I messaged him so, but he mentioned that I have to check with Srinivas to get the access.
Mhm.
So...
OK, for the code, the code level access for.
Yeah, for the code, code level access, yes, code level GitHub repo access.
We are talking about like a deep site code level or like Pulse and scribble code level.
Yeah.
So, Pulse and Scribble are under deep site GitHub org itself.
And.
Okay, okay. No, what I'm saying is the org is same, but the repo should be different, correct? Deep side should be like the main platform, and these are like kind of modules, if you put it that way.
So, we are primarily...
Yes, yes.
Right, right, right. So for, yeah, we have to get these two access on GitHub. Yeah, that is the primary thing.
Mhm.
Okay, and like did we have any idea of like a high level idea of what they have built and how it is working?
Yeah.
No, that is that is the thing, right? Like they, like last time, like when I met with Naga, he mentioned like overview, but what till up to what extent they have done, only we can assess like once we got the access to that GitHub, right?
Did he show you like any kind of demo?
No.
Nope, just like talking overview.
Yeah.
So once, yeah, I think once we get that access, like we can go through it and then based on that level of level of it, like we can ask him and like I can follow up with the questions with Malhotra.
OK.
Mhm.
Yeah, sure, sure, no worries, because, like, we would have to share like the architecture diagrams by this Friday for all of the use cases, so that's why we need like an idea about what exactly they have built, so that...
Right, right.
Right.
We can incorporate that into our architecture as well, so that it does not look like that. We are like just putting aside all the work they have done and coming up with something from totally from our end, rather than integrating their work and building upon that. Okay.
Ho.
Yes, true, true.
OK.
So, I think the Colin also yesterday to get check with Srinivas, I haven't got reply, so I'll connect with Colin after the call and see if he can like get the access from Srinivas for the reports to reports.
Uh-huh.
Yep, yep. And if, yeah, let's see if you can get the access. If not, like, if you can even get like the, you check like the issue 3 which we have assigned.
Like, for me and you?
Yeah, one second.
Design and execute scribble versus the best transcription A/B testing.
Yeah, uh, three one, yes, designing is good, yeah.
Yep, so it just needs like the transcript and passing that on to the LLM. You can even use like pass that on to socket and try to get the transcript, not transcript, the summary from them. So what we need from them is 1 transcript.
which has been processed by their scribble like Wispr model. OK, just the transcript part.
So first, like, yeah, so first we can like extract right now, like we can extract from WebEx, right? Like we can do independently and then we can keep it ready.
Yeah, so that is one part of the, yeah, that is one part of the AB testing. That is A part. Okay. So we need the B part from them. Yeah.
Yeah, we can.
Yeah.
So we can keep it ready.
We can keep it ready and once we got access to the scribble so we can we can run the same script to that and then that we can get out output from it and then compare both.
So this like, because it's just one file, correct? For GitHub repo, you might need to go through like the whole process of first accepting the group, then adding to the repo and on. If he can just share you like one file of the transcript, then it makes.
work easier on our end because we don't really need to run the scribble app for like what you call doing the AB testing of that, correct? So if that is possible, that's why I was saying if it is not possible, then yeah sure we can wait for like the scribble access and get transcript from our end.
Ho.
That also works, yeah.
Okay.
So maybe just check with them if they can provide it because they are able to run it on their end locally, correct? It's just like processing that meeting. And yep, just check with them if they are able to provide it. It's good. If not, then yeah, at least we ask for it and we can flag it that we asked and you never gave us access.
Yeah.
Okay.
And what else is here?
Cisco board component. OK, so all the work from my end is like kind of blocked, but still I have like a what do you call little bit overview of what they are trying to build and a little bit idea of what Srinivas wants and some more research on my part.
for like the WebEx integration and how to build the architecture for at least the WebEx bot side of this, where we will be integrating Pulse and Scribble. So I need like a little bit more details about those to like finalize the architecture diagram. That's why I was asking for that.
OK, so if we are able to get that, it's totally fine. Still, you need to do like the exploratory work for the repo, if you if we get like repo level access and or let's hope like I get my laptop tomorrow again, so it will like expedite our.
progress on this, right?
And apart from these, like any kind of blockers you guys are facing or any other kind of problems that you would like to share with team?
Or any observation on your end, that's also good.
Sorry, I just updated my system, so yeah, I did not see any issue. It worked.
Ohh, well, guess for me then, bad luck too. Yeah, so when I was talking with the, what do you call it, Cisco tech team, so they told me that all of us guys, the laptops which we had receiving, all of these are refurbished laptops.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Ohh, OK.
Yeah, so yeah, it's good that you did not get an issue, but yeah, do use them with KS, so yeah.
And, uh, is it?
Is it something with the bot, like the volleyball, like which we had? Like, is it something related to that by any chance?
Nope, nope, nope, like, because, like, it was running on a Podman container, okay, and Podman container itself is done, yeah, so yeah, that is also like one of the blockers, so the bot which I deployed and the work we did for that, that's all on my like Cisco local.
All right, OK.
Okay.
All nice, nice, nice, OK.
Computer OK, and that is now not turning off, so we might not be able to share like the demo with Srikar, but we can at least show him that we already have, like, what do you got transcript and other things, so we can just share like screen share and at least let him look if he really wants that, yeah.
Right, right.
We had a bot deployed there, it was working fine, it was doing all the work. But now the system is down and it is on local. So yeah, go and guess.
Oh.
So, main one, one main things are all like, I I think like Srinivas will be interested in is like from the from the charts, like from the charts or like channels what we have, so wherever the issues are there.
Okay.
Like, there are like normal conversations and there are like specific like issues, so he he wants to he wants that specifics issues to be populated, like instead of like all the messages and chats coming up on the on the output.
Mhm.
So he wants to see only issues, like primary issues, like what all happening in like 24 hours, last 24 hours.
Yeah, that is something we should we could have building. It's just putting all the all that data into the database and creating the correct filter. OK, we are either way like for summarizing or asking questions, we are going to send those chats to LLM and it can easily like categorize what exactly are issues.
Or if they already have like pulse running on their end, and I don't think, yeah, because we did not see it on like, yeah, NX OS group, if they already had like the thing which they said that they have, which...
No, they are not. That's what I clearly mentioned. Pulse, they haven't.
Pulse is supposed to do, it is supposed to scrape everything and send everything to the DB. So they should have already integrated that to the NIX OICD group. Okay, they should not be asking us to do this job and then do exploratory data.
analysis, they can just share the details like this is the table or this is the database which has all the access and you can go ahead and do a ED on this or create the what you call your work on this. So whatever they have, I don't think that's a very good working version.
But still, we need to confirm at least what we what they have, correct?
Yeah, for your thing, yeah, I am getting it, but it's the same thing. You can, if you are scraping the data, correct.
Why not scrape everything and categorize them properly? Or do you want to have like one bot scrape for issues, one bot scrape for update, one bot scrape for other things? That too much work. Correct? We can solve that on like different layer. Yeah.
Mm.
So, we...
No, no, no, no, no, one.
So, what?
So one web scraping will extract like a duration of like 24 hours, like last 24 hours. And then we have to like categorize into like different sections, like some of them are like issues, some of them are like.
Mhm.
Okay.
Just a normal conversation. Some are some of them are like some of them are like irrelevant information on this chat. Some of them are like proper issues, like errors, and some of them are like solutions, like what what you can do like after getting like.
Messages, yeah, normal messages, yep.
Mhm.
Mm-hmm.
some kind of issues. So some of them are solutions. So like that, like we have to like put it into like different buckets.
Mhm.
So, and prioritize those buckets. Like, let's say like we have like 5 issues and five errors among those, like which one is a priority one? Like what is a priority level for solving this? Which one is critical? So we need to identify.
Okay.
that kind of parameters.
OK, so for this we need like a lot more data from from a lot more data, including the chat, because we cannot what you call judge the criticality just based on the chat, because the way I have seen the chat.
They have like hyperlinks in them, correct? You want to scrape the hyperlink, then go on the hyperlink and check all the details and do all of those things. It's totally out of scope. Yeah, that's what I would say.
Mm.
Ho.
So yeah, how we plan this, like how we architect this idea and like how like if we have to like store data and if you have to like get information, all the existing information. So we have to like think about this and.
Is.
S.
Mhm.
Come up with like options, different options, so which, you know.
Yeah, so let me share like my initial thoughts.
One second.
Mhm, sure.
This is what currently I have done.
This will change, OK.
Yeah.
Mm.
We have these data sources here, correct? WebEx, chat, spaces, meetings, transcript. This is same for this is from your scribble and this is for your pulse, OK? And we want future connectors here, GitHub, Jira, and more, OK? And email, whatever you want. These are all data sources.
Mhm.
Mm.
Okay, we can create like a normal this service layer, this part, ingestion and storage. This is basically our service layer. Okay, so it is what it is doing. You can think of it like as an ETL pipeline or an API.
Okay.
service layer which builds this database. Okay. It will scrape from WebEx, it will categorize the data, put it in database, scrape from meetings, put it in database, the transcripts. Okay. Here we have some steps. We are using service apps. If you see here like.
Mm.
Okay.
And...
WebX developer.
Ohh.
When you're right there.
Good.
Okay.
You, you, you.
You see, we have different options: integration, bot, guest issuer, agentic app, and a service app. OK, we are going to build these service apps for the scraping. So, these are like, what do you call it, simple APIs which are running based on your org-wide. You can define in which space you want these to run in which rooms.
for which users you want these to run. Okay, you can define all of those things. So that is basically your service app. You can create different service app for your chats and a separate service app for your transcript, or the same service app doing both of them, scraping at a particular interval of time.
depending on the use case. It might be once a day or maybe 5 minutes based on like whatever is the concurrency of the chat in that point in time. Okay. So this is your service app which we will be creating. Then we have here we cannot see an OAuth option because I am currently not in an org.
Mhm.
Right, right.
This was just built like newly for like Baven and Baven does not use like the enterprise version. But if you see on your WebEx, sorry, Cisco devices, if you open the same site and you go to this create new app, you will see one option of OAuth here. Okay.
So we will build a service app which will fill in all of the, which will scrape the data, pre-processes like the duplicate, normalize here, also categorization also we can add. Okay, this is optional if we want to save a snapshot of.
or not like the original raw content without any pre-processing. Okay. Save everything in the database in a structured format. It will have your username, the date, the message, exactly what category it is from. Okay, and what were its replies and everything else.
Okay, this we can decide what exactly fields we want.
This is your whole first layer, suppose. OK, these data sources, connectors. OK, this is our ingestion layer or the data service app. OK, then we will build MCPs on these databases. OK, which will have your user tokens in build.
So that's what I was saying for OAuth, correct? Do you see it? OAuth 2.0. So at the first time when you will be logging in, it will ask you to like add your OAuth token to that. So using your Cisco ID only, or suppose for us, it's Maven. So whatever OAuth you are using.
It will based on that OAuth, you can configure this MCP server so that inside this database, which has all the data scraped inside it, we have user details and user ID and everything else as well. It will check on the OAuth if this user has access to that data or not. Okay. And then based on that, it can.
our WebEx agent. This can do many things. If we want action item extractions or meeting summaries, we can use this table, okay? WebEx meeting and transcript. If we want to do compliance monitoring, we can use maybe some other, these, something in these lines. If you want normal chat Q&A.
We can put this one or the one you said about maybe analysis, okay, which issues we are getting, which are high priority and which are what. So these are like WebEx chat. So this makes like our whole architecture modular. We can swap or add any of these parts at all.
any of the places, correct? Maybe we can select our own, like what data source we want, what ingestion layer we want, what which database we should access, which MCP server the bot has access to. And then here, suppose this is about bot which is deployed in Podman or Docker, which will be on Deepak site.
which will take all of these as an input and create like a separate bot for a use case for the user. Okay. Does this make sense?
So here in the storage, like that also will be modular or like is it like fixed to one?
Yep, yep, it is modular in a sense that we have database for different things. We are scraping all of these things, correct? One thing is I give access directly to, yeah, yep, yep.
Right, so let's say we...
Yeah, we, we so let's say like we have like different formats, like one is text, like one is links, one is maybe screenshots. What other like we can cut down to like we can think of or like what are the type of data we can see on the like.
WebEx spaces, charts, and maybe let's say in the emails and Jira.
Yeah, no need. It can we can do everything in here, like based on the whatever type of data they have, everything can be put in database, correct? Whatever they have. Yeah, yeah. That's why we have this modular option, correct? For whatever use case they want, just slap in one of these things, change one of those.
Right.
Yeah, we have to support, yeah, we have to support and.
Mmh.
If we want to suppose create a knowledge base inside the database, put a Neo4j or vector, what do you call, age, okay, for PG. Okay, if we want vector database, use PG vector files or whatever you want. Everything here is swappable.
Right.
Okay.
Mhm.
Mm.
Okay.
for each of the components. What we are going to ask them is to at least build these databases intact, okay? Like single source of tools. We don't want users to, currently what's happening in Pulse, you deploy it on your local, and suppose every one of...
Mhm.
Every one of us are part of the same chat. Okay. What is the team meeting for this? CI Cisco CICD. Correct. If I'm running it on my end and you are running or Namita and every all four of us are running the same thing, it will scrape it four time and save it in four DB.
Mm-hmm.
What from what I am understanding from the way they have built it, correct? Everything is local.
Yeah, we have to like make it only once and then show it to all four.
Yeah, that at least for our group, we scrape it once and based on these user token and the data field we have for the user that in this particular space, these users are present, are they are all matching? Okay, you can access this chat. Does that make sense?
Yeah.
Anything else or like any other like input from you guys? It's really appreciated. It might be possible that I missed out on something and did not consider that.
This is not the final diagram, just to put it out there. This is like you can think of it as first draft. I will work on this again. Colin has shared with me like some new reference material which can build this much better. This you can think of just Claude coming up on one shot. So yeah.
Yeah, it looks good. So you did this, I mean, made this diagram using Claude.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
So Colin was going to share the singularities or something, right? So did he share with you? Okay, good.
I think everyone has kind of access to Singularity now. Let me just check. But this was not done by Singularity. That's why it is looking kind of, what do you call, different from the way Colin slides look. So yeah, I will be using Singularity later, but this is kind of first pass. So.
Okay.
No, no, no, I was trying to understand from my end also because I have not used singularity.
Let me show you my workflow as well. Yeah, yeah, let me let me show you my workflow. Okay, Colin assigned us task correct on Cisco CICD repo. I asked you to go check all the open issues and then one by one we discussed everything what we want to.
Mhm.
comment on these. So if you see here, tool axis, I've already like done at least my part of this. We did all of these talking for like all the three, 4 issues which are assigned to me. Then I said to it that, yeah, these are some more consideration with our details which are not shared with you.
Sure.
Based on our, what do you call progress upstairs and these details, create an architecture diagram for me. Okay. Then it did create one, then I made some other changes, then other changes, but yeah, that's how it went. So yeah.
Mhm.
Cool, looks good.
First it created something like this. Yeah, it's totally black. I was like, no, this is too dark. So we created another one in white. So yeah.
So did you provide Claude any other documents for this architecture or only the GitHub, GitHub, what do we say, issues that Colin has created?
Yeah, so I did give him Collin's GitHub issues access as well as we are talking inside this folder. If you CC user Claude Kovac, let me show you this folder. So this had like my previous research as well in here. Okay, whatever I did.
Okay, got it.
research on web SDK. Okay, this is the same location on which it is running. So we have some reference files here, all of the other things as well, SDK references, so it can reference everything. That's why I love Claude.
Oh, that's okay. That makes sense now. I was just wondering like...
Yeah, it's like totally inside a folder and it is working inside that folder only.
Okay.
****.
This is not the full list. Let me show code work. It should be inside somewhere in C.
Looks good.
Yeah.
See, then users, and Saurav, and then go work.
I also did this one with like singularity analysis as well. So yeah, this is what I do. Just create a new folder and put all the research inside that folder and then you can vote on that. It's a good way to like do.
Okay.
Yep.
Okay, I'll try this today. If I have any problems, I'll ping you.
Yeah, no worries, and uh...
By the way, I don't think we are supposed to use that on what you call Cisco laptop, so yeah, keep that in mind, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, definitely, definitely, yes.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, it was good on my end, like my system went down and I did, I have not yet installed or anything else on that system, or that might have been a problem, and like what do you call do a postmortem of my laptops.
Oh.
Total.
That means she, do we have access to singularity?
Then you downloaded this documents on your other machine, not the Cisco one.
Currently everything is in here only. Whenever I need to like transfer some of my docs. So always remember this is one way, never from Cisco to Bevan, only from Bevan to Cisco. Okay. I share them on like WebEx.
See you.
I'm quite good.
Uh-huh.
So I will just send them to my Saurav email, just the files. And yeah, we can share them across spaces. And you can also, I would not say to install Cloud, sorry, that's not advisable, but who knows what you are doing.
So, OK.
Mhm.
I.
Well, I did all the web reference work, and yeah, shared them and download that on there on that system. OK.
I got it.
Or you can maybe also like zip the file and email to your other ID. But yeah, make sure to do it one way. They went to Cisco only. No Cisco things leaving out of the laptop. Okay.
Mhm.
Yeah, yeah, definitely.
Yeah.
Okay, anything else anyone of you would like to share?
I think nothing much from me today. I will, you know, look at the architecture part.
Yeah, sure. And if you need my help on any of that, or even if you want me for brainstorming, I'm always there. You can always ping me, right?
Yeah, yeah, definitely. I'll let you know if I need anything from any of you.
Okay.
Sure, sure. So what are the kind of action items for us now? Moving on for like Friday.
First of all, would be like if we can get access to the scribble or pulse repo. OK, that would be the best case scenario.
S.
Second would be to maybe get a permanent ADS.
Okay.
A sub part of the first one would be if we are unable to get like the repo access. At least we ping them or like...
Schedule an in-depth session for what exactly they have built. At least show it on your system, run it locally if you are not going to show the code, or else we are unable to consider that as part of our architecture. OK.
And yeah, anything I'm missing on, like, which we discussed, and I did not point that out at, like, the action items.
Yeah.
Okay.
So the architectural part, right? So we need 2 architectural diagrams, right? One for the log. I mean, those are kind of like the same project at the end, but right now.
Yep, yep.
We are segregating it, right? So we need to architectural drive.
Yes.
Yes, it's not even, I would say, two, it's three, but as we are able to like use both of these in the same architecture diagram, that chat and transcription, like Pulse and Scribble, they don't need to be like two separate things. So these are combined into one. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
True.
Yeah.
I think that is a good question, Namita. Like, you know, we have to like create like 1 architecture or like 3 separate. Yeah, I think, yeah, that is a very good point because we don't want to like end up like going to senior century tree and then he's like, okay, I was looking for one. Why are you coming with three?
Mhm.
Sam.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
So this technically, what you call, should not have what you call, 3 architecture diagram. It should have one as we have, like, let me, okay, while we are talking, I thought of this, how to like integrate.
Yeah.
The.
the other part of this as well in here. Okay, I closed it. Let me reuse it again.
No worries, it's the same diagram, it's just in graph, just there with me.
So we are able to get all the issues in the database here, okay? And the MCP server as well. Then it, what do you call, based on these issues, when they get the issues, they ping in the group.
Uh-huh.
Correct? So in a sense, we already have them inside the database. If we are going by this architecture, okay? Then it's like putting, what do you call, MCP server is here. Yeah, I don't think anything needs to change. Like one thing we can add is suppose a...
Ohh.
Tool is not a good way to add like the, but yeah, tool is a good way to add like we just need to add what you got the codex invocation here, correct? And which will like take all the details from the baselog, the BEL or BEC, whatever they have on the repo.
the CDN tools repo. It will take all of those parts and what you call create the workspace and run the codex agent based on all of those contexts which we have put inside the workspace. Okay, so that can be also like one block of this.
Where exactly to put that block? I will think more about that because like for them also, first of all, what we need is like they have all of these running, okay? They have DCA tools also running and maybe some of them might be like doing a beta test or an alpha test for these.
Okay, maybe get to know like what are the pain points for them or what are the things that they are missing in these or what exactly issue these workflows are not able to resolve or what they are exactly facing. Okay, same in.
all three of the cases for pulse also, for scribble also, and for the DCN tools one also. Like, because from the way I see it, they have the repo ID, persons working on it, everyone testing and doing everything. So they should at least have an initial idea of what works, what is not working here.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Okay.
Maybe get a, what do you call it, look into that as well. Like, even like one or two liners is okay. We can just always code them that we did not get like proper access and this is what they said. If we do get proper access, then the due diligence is totally on us to like confirm this.
what they are saying correct or not. Even if they say that, yeah, this is working fine, it can do 90, 99% of the work properly. Once we get like the repo access, we have to confirm. Did he say what he said? Is the tool doing like exactly what he said he's doing?
Or is there like any kind of miscommunication here? Okay.
Ohh.
Yeah.
So, yeah, just their discovery work, yeah.
Go.
Any one of you like?
Data, do you type on the DCN tools repo?
how exactly they have built what they are building and how it is structured.
Yeah, yeah, I did look at it.
Mhm.
So, so what I see from it is there are two types, I mean, not two types of logs, but two places from logs are generated, the CD one and the CI one, right? And the location where these logs are located are different.
Yeah.
So as per the code, I feel they're mainly focused on the CD part. That's where, that's the location they're looking for the logs. They're not looking anything for CI.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, but they want us to build for CI.
But if you give any, yeah, they want us to build for CI. Then I ask this Justin, but Justin claims that no, it handles everything. Yeah, as per his saying, it is kind of half true because it can handle CD part, not a problem.
Something.
Mhm.
Yep, yep.
But the CI part how he's handling is if you give
that log path manually through command line, then it is able to fetch it and, you know, or provide the logs in some way, it is able to do the analysis. So any log file you provide them or provide the program, it is able to.
Mmh.
Neha.
Yeah.
Do its do its work, but how they are getting the log files is I think it's only from CD as per the code, but CI that's not been handled.
Mm.
Yeah.
And I asked him, like, is it anywhere in the production or how does it look like? So right now, nothing is in prod.
Okay.
The.
Mhm.
It's kind of like a POC, but he said that it's just one button click. Maybe he has to turn on Airflow DAG and it will get running for the CD part. But as of now, nothing is in production as per him.
It's yeah.
Even not in prod, even if they have some alpha or beta access provided to like couple of users or three, 5 users, that's also like a good subset to look at. At least we will know what exactly is happening. Here also like, yep, I also did a what you call basic deep type.
like until I had my laptop available. So from what I saw is after we provide them the log file, correct? First they are doing a deterministic rejects, okay, on that. They are not sending the whole log file to the LLM. They are doing a rejects on that.
Mhm.
Ohh.
Correct.
And pulling out, I think I saw for on the like Basel end, there were some what you call failed labels and failed IDs and those kind of things they are what you call taking out from the logs and as well as there was one more tool I think it was BP or BEC.
Pradeep.
Correct.
what I don't exactly, yeah, BEP, it is able to like pull out kind of dependency graph of that exact failure, okay, from the label. So we have more context on that. And then we are putting both of those into a separate tools folder.
Yeah, BEP.
Correct.
in a workspace checking out those files and then providing codex the access to that workspace and asking it to look at those files and resolve the issue. Okay, and then run the brain. That's what I got from whatever like I saw. I did not go like too much in depth, but.
Correct, Priya.
Yes, that's correct.
Yeah, okay. So there are like a lot of things which we can, what do you call, change here or make better use of it. Like from the way I've seen, like I only saw one of their repos and not much because I got access to just that DCN tools repo.
That's correct, yeah.
But they are using Codex, okay, for coding, as far as I know, for all the DevSoft tools team. Okay. There was no agent.md file present, okay, which gives any kind of instruction on how exactly the agent want to code. They are not using any kind of plugins, any prehooks, any skills.
Hmm.
Nothing, just bare bones codec setup. Okay, the best, what do you call low effort and what do you call high output thing which we can do is at least add some kind of agent.md file there or a skill. Okay, so...
What happens after we add a skill? We can check out that skill.
I think they have a MD file, right? Saurav, they have it under prompt section. It was there. It's called build error analysis, no build.
Mmh.
Dot MD.
Okay, that's totally different, right? Yeah, it should be named agent.md in case of using Codex to be run as like a memory for that, okay?
Good stuff.
Okay.
Yeah, if then we are using Claude, we have Claude.md file, correct? It tells it what exactly this folder does and how exactly to code inside this project. OK.
Amit.
So I don't think they had any kind of that file because if they had, it should live in the root repo. Okay.
Yeah, they don't have that, I agree.
Yeah, they did not even have a read me, so she can go there.
Mhm.
Okay, so that is like some good additions. We can add skills. So after adding skills, we can, in skills, we can teach the LLM how exactly to read the log files. Okay, add some deterministic, what do you call, scripts, which it can run to automatically get.
Mm.
some of the things from it and for the missing things, it can always use grep or something to find. But as they are not providing it with the log files and only with what you call BP and the data or the error which they have extracted from the.
Rejects, if they are only passing that much, then it's like what do you call the LLM is not seeing the whole picture of what exactly is happening. OK, and here also, like one thing I would like Namita, you to check out is how exactly is the retry happening in here. OK.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Suppose I don't.
Retry, they have just have three times retry, that's it.
Here.
No, no, it's like suppose the LLM pushed a fix, okay? And our first question, is the LLM running that build or whatever it has built, whatever it has added in the local as well? Yeah.
Mhm.
In the in the tools, Saurav, sorry.
Sorry, in the sorry to cut you like, so whenever like they are identify like some issues, so is the like in the two tools repo, like do or is it like fixing fixing it, fixing that issue, or just like sending an email to the user?
Fixing it should fix if it is not able to fix, it will send a notification after three tries as Namita tool, right?
Oh no, no, I don't think they're fixing it. They're just sending it, right? I don't think they fix it.
Okay, okay.
I.
Yeah, so what from what I saw, it was like it will do a fix, okay, and send it for build. Okay, if all the builds pass.
Yeah, as far as I saw.
No.
I think they are just identifying, identifying the issue.
Because what else, how else are you going to like retry?
Yeah, they are retrying for like three times, but at which part like they are retrying like when analyzing with the LLM or fetching the issues. So when exactly retry is happening is that I'm not sure of that, but one thing is like what I noticed is like they are not like.
Yeah.
Okay.
Making any changes, changes in the code part, like just like identifying the issues and sending that, sending.
Okay, okay, okay. Oh, yeah, I remember what they are doing. Yeah, I remember what they're doing.
Sending sending that to a user specific user like what are the issues and what is happening.
Okay, so just confirm from me like, so from what I remember, what I said is also correct and what you guys are saying is also correct. Okay, so it's a combination of both. Just double check this on the repo, correct? Ask Claude or Codex to check it. Yeah.
Yeah, we have to check once, yeah. Once we check that, like, I think we need to...
So from what I get, yeah, from what I get, it is doing. First what I said, it will give a fix, okay? Change the code, give it for build, okay? It will go for a build. If the build passes, okay, then it will take a get.
We need to breakdown, and...
diff between the fixes, okay, that I did this fix and the build passed and this was the get diff that this is what I changed and that gift, what you call get diff, is being sent to the user as a notification that this was the correct fix, okay, just correct.
Just check this if this is correct or not.
Yeah, yes, yes, it is sending that, but I don't think it is applying right until and unless, I mean, it is sending the diff, so it is correcting it, it's correcting the error, but the build won't start on its own until the user.
Yeah, so...
Yeah, so if it did not, yeah.
Yeah, they just think, yeah.
Just think of it like if it is not running the build or doing any kind of testing, okay, like not applying anything as you are saying, then how is it able to tell like if it was correct or not and then go for a retry? You're getting my point.
Applies that if.
Ohh.
Because for the LLM, its first generation was correct. Okay. If it did not try to build or change anything, yeah, do some like deep dive, deep down, deep dive, like how exactly they are doing this. For this also, like suppose they are running the build.
So, uh, Namita, I think this is a...
Mhm.
This is a good point for Justin.
Truth.
Okay, just suppose for now, let's assume they are running a bill to check if like the fix was correct or not, and if that is helping or not. Because if it is not helping, it does not make sense to like ping the user that I have this fix, which will not even run. Okay. So if they are doing that, then.
Mm-hmm.
Got it, got it. Makes sense.
In case if it is failing, okay, if it is running fine, that's fine. It did a git diff and what you call reverted the box space back and send the diff that you can apply this diff and your code will be running fine. But in case it failed, now what are the details being fed back?
To the LLM.
Okay, does it also have like the previous, like the main issue which we had, plus the new issue which the LLM created, like kind of a dependency cascading graph, if you can think of it like that way? Okay, how much is should now on the retry is it going to fix it? Is it going to just...
Mhm.
fix what mistake it made or is it still trying to fix the main issue or how exactly that retry is working? Okay, so we need some eyes on there. Okay.
OK.
Mane.
Sure.
Anything else we are missing?
So, I think these questions, a couple of questions I think we can ask just in, like, on today's call, like, anand, do we have any update on the on that?
Oyil.
No, not yet. I'll set up a call. Let's see. I'll ask him and we can do that. And then we can ask him these questions. That sounds good.
Okay.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah, yeah, that would be great. Yeah, we can connect today, and then we can have a call.
Yeah.
And Paul, like the pulse and other things also, I've like already shared you like kind of idea of what architecture I am planning or we are planning, correct? If you can get some more info out of them of how exactly they have built, just in context of our thing.
Okay.
Yes.
So, Saurav, like Justin, Justin, Justin mentioned that, like, we will be like running that script, like whatever he created, and then, yeah, based on that, like, we can we can analyze and like we can come up with a couple of different architectures options.
For pulse and that.
Yeah?
OK, but from the bot I have created, did I hear that correctly?
Or from the research or the architecture diagram I'm creating.
Mm.
Yes.
No, that is like this, this one I'm telling about like Justin work like which is into logs.
Uh huh, yeah, yeah, decent, yeah.
Yeah, this end tools report, so yeah, Justin mentioned like yesterday, like we can connect sometime and he can show us like what, how, how this works, how code, how this code works, like we can run it, like run the script and show us like what.
What are we getting and what are we seeing on the process?
Mmh.
Okay, and once you are at that stage, do try to run it on your end. Okay, and just see like how much access do they do we need to test it locally? Do everyone or all of us need like access to log? Because if that is so.
It.
Right.
Okay.
Then currently I think only Namita and Vaishali have those and we might not be able to even run the project properly because it is unable to fetch the logs. Okay, like what exactly kind of accesses we need to run that exact project? Okay, and try to run it on your end.
if you are able to run it or not, because they are already working on it for some time. They already have their environment set up and all the access is configured. Just see what we are missing to run it on our end also. Okay.
Yeah, sure, sure.
Okay, okay.
Yeah, so this is for DCN tools and if like you can get something out of Naga for like pulse and scribble, that is also like really helpful. Even like high level things. Have you built a bot or have you built a service app or is it like an API layer?
or what exactly are you trying to build? Don't ask like how exactly you built it or what it is doing or like that. Okay. Just high level what we want to confirm. Have you built this? Is it this? Is it this? Okay. We have a basic idea what you have over there. Okay.
But if he is able to, like, if he is what do you call willing to go into details, that's very much good, like, from our point of view. So, yeah, we need, we would need like these details also.
Yeah, I think that's about all. Anything else any would like anyone would like to add or we might have like overlooked.
Okay, I guess no.
Mhm.
Challa.
Alright.
Okay.
KP.
Sounds good, Saurav Srikar by Shalini.
Thank you.
Yeah, and yeah, if you guys need my help, I have WebEx on my phone currently installed by the customer support. Okay, so you guys can either ping me on WebEx for Cisco, okay, or this laptop is on on Teams.
No.
OK, so I am available on both of these, yeah.
Okay, sounds good.
Sure, then have a great day.
Oh.
Mittal.
Have a nice day, everyone. Bye. Thanks, bye.
Okay, bye everyone.
Sure. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Bye.
Sonawane.
By Vaishali.
You won't say anything?
No, not good.
Okay, bye.
Yeah, bye.